README.md, before:

# Portfolio Blog Starter

This is a porfolio site template complete with a blog. Includes:

- MDX and Markdown support
- Optimized for SEO (sitemap, robots, JSON-LD schema)
- RSS Feed
- Dynamic OG images
- Syntax highlighting
- Tailwind v4
- Vercel Speed Insights / Web Analytics
- Geist font

## Demo

https://portfolio-blog-starter.vercel.app

## How to Use

You can choose from one of the following two methods to use this repository:

### One-Click Deploy

Deploy the example using [Vercel](https://vercel.com?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=vercel-examples):

[![Deploy with Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/new/clone?repository-url=https://github.com/vercel/examples/tree/main/solutions/blog&project-name=blog&repository-name=blog)

### Clone and Deploy

Execute [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app) with [pnpm](https://pnpm.io/installation) to bootstrap the example:

```bash
pnpm create next-app --example https://github.com/vercel/examples/tree/main/solutions/blog blog
```

Then, run Next.js in development mode:

```bash
pnpm dev
```

Deploy it to the cloud with [Vercel](https://vercel.com/templates) ([Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying)).

Commit message:

added company logos and updated readme

README.md, after:

# Matthew Evan Taruno's Portfolio

This is my personal portfolio site complete with a blog. Includes:

- MDX and Markdown support
- Optimized for SEO (sitemap, robots, JSON-LD schema)
- RSS Feed
- Dynamic OG images
- Syntax highlighting
- Tailwind v4
- Vercel Speed Insights / Web Analytics
- Geist font

## Demo

https://portfolio-blog-starter.vercel.app

## Company Logos

To add company logos to the work experience section:

1. Add your logo files to the `public/images` directory with the following names:
   - `amazon_logo.jpeg` - Amazon logo
   - `zdotai_logo.jpeg` - Zhipu.AI logo
   - `alibaba_cloud_computing_company_logo.jpeg` - Alibaba Cloud logo

2. For best results:
   - Use JPEG or PNG format (PNG with transparency works best)
   - Ensure logos are at least 200x200 pixels (they'll be displayed at 48x48)
   - Use company logos with simple backgrounds

## How to Use

You can deploy this portfolio using Vercel:

### One-Click Deploy

Deploy the example using [Vercel](https://vercel.com?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=vercel-examples):

[![Deploy with Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/new/clone?repository-url=https://github.com/vercel/examples/tree/main/solutions/blog&project-name=blog&repository-name=blog)

### Clone and Deploy

Execute [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app) with [pnpm](https://pnpm.io/installation) to bootstrap the example:

```bash
pnpm create next-app --example https://github.com/vercel/examples/tree/main/solutions/blog blog
```

Then, run Next.js in development mode:

```bash
pnpm dev
```

Deploy it to the cloud with [Vercel](https://vercel.com/templates) ([Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying)).
